## The one that fixes many, many bugs.  

Arc Inventory 2.3.4 supports 5.2, 5.3, and 5.4.  

Improvements:

Core:
* Improved the replication of slots
* Removed the NAMED_ITEM_SLOT concept, and improved equality checks between item slots
* Re-Added the "Default Item Stack Class" to the Developer Settings.  This will be the Item Stack Class chosen when generating items by default.  It can be overriden in many places
* Improved Query Functions in the Item Stack Base
* Added Query modes to match Item Definitions
* Added "Default Item Stack" for Item Definitions to the ModularBPFL.  This lets you get an item stack that is not replicated that can be used as a default version of that itemstack, similar to a CDO.  
* Added helper methods for quickly adding items to inventory.
* Added "Exact Item Stack" inventory queries.  This is mostly useful for finding all slots an item is in.  
* Added the ability to specify the owner of a newly generated ItemStack in `UArcInventoryModularBPFL::QuickGenerateModularItem`, saving an object duplication if you provide the owner of the inventory the item will be placed into if the item is to be instantly placed into an inventory.
* Added the ability to get items from the inventory even if the item is pending kill

Inventory
* Fixed Modular Inventory calling the incorrect processor's OnRep functions when replicating
* Fixed Processors RPCs not working
* Fixed various instances of Processors not being resolved correctly when loading (Instanced Subobject woes)
* Improved Pre-Process Item Swap, and used it in more places.  You can now take complete control over item swapping for specific items in a processor
* Added bulk item slot creation and removal, which invokes the Inventory Update event once for all the slots added in bulk
* Batched Callbacks during slot replication so that they all happen at the end of the replication frame.  Ensure we only call one of each callback.
* Added an optional context tag for RemoveAllItemsFromInventory  
* Cleaned up some issues around Item Slot Generations (NOTE: Item Slot Generations will be removed in a future version)
* Added verbose inventory logging around adding and removing items to the inventory.  
* Added a "Contains Item Stack" function
* Added a runtime "AddInventoryProcessor()" function.
* Optimized LootItem() and allowed processors to opt into being considered for looting.  This dramatically increases performance with many processors that do not score item slots for LootItem.
* Added sorting of Processors for ProcessItemSwap, so that users have better control over which processors go first when deciding how to put items into the inventory.
* Modular Inventory Events are now split based on the modular inventory event tag.  In C++ you will need to bind to the specific tag's event.  There is a static event that catches all tags.  This allows for optimization reducing the number of callbacks per tag.  Note: This is the first part of a major refactor of the event system.  

Active Processor
* Fixed the double activate Bug
* Reworked the OnActive event.  It is now called regardless of an ActiveAbilityInfo on the item, and is called more reliably on the client in network relevancy scenarios
* Added a behavior toggle for what to do if an item that is currently active is removed.

Equipment Processor
* Fixed some unreliability in the OnEquipped event not being fired in relevancy scenarios

Item Stack
* Added and replicated OnStatTag changed events
* Added Loose Item Tags that are replicated.  You can now custom tag items.  


UI
* Item Cards now have an Item Slot in addition to the item stack.  This is largely optional, but helps when implementing widgets that may have default values
